how we should be one again
catch cat
Actually yes, but this is what it is
Looking to nico mata we have the order
one as soon as possible
to get paw print from in
well class I say but how should I too
he would just be my cat again
not even anyone else those stupid ones
d-class mission do not do that
Try saying you have something
you are still looking forward to such children
mission as our kakashi finally
times your opinion what do you mean then
I come with you if you do not feel like it
is a mission and i would like it
do you satisfy the nerd I will be the limit
finally exceed of the time
hey said there you are like if you are
we turn into cats then come
We easily into the fortress yes it
I already thought that is up
each case moved rather inconspicuously
transformation
what's that supposed to be a frog cat na
yes I did not even think so bad
for the beginning
he does not need you at all
Even the lawyer negotiates the cat
do not understand language I once for
you if you are going to sit up the
would think scrape vector to them
belong and you come now
if it is that easy then come with the
ears
That's a joke like yourself
out with it
've gone on now who knows
all but no cash register has the music of
Micromata seen you want him
recognize the thing played first
we have to try to get there
you look at the
We must concentrate on the mission
fortress all clear
yes, I am by the way, if we are the
we should also wear with the ears
Cats can talk we have to
do not provoke a cramp we go
just that I mean it would be
well possible that we have one of the dead
get voluntary footprints
why what do you mean it is pretty
humiliating for a candle a command
to give up
we are not consumed there it is
Although about as strong as human
take off then take pictures
you have to understand july then we have to
they have a dead imprint
can get from him on the job
actually only sakura takes over
you get stupid man
I said thank you for the tip and that
showed us the way
but